it all starts with Lego at Legoland
California we are extremely excited to
introduce pirate reef to our guests and
families the biggest thing that they're
gonna be excited about is getting to
stand on board a large life-size Lego
pirate ship and they're gonna get really
wet I'm Lindsey burrows and I'm a
project designer at Legoland California
we actually surveyed thousands of guests
and asked them what they'd like to see
and through that research we decided
that the popularity of pirate Shores our
current attraction with pirates is so
strongly liked and our new lego man
water park is so popular we decided that
we wanted to do something with pirates
and put a big ride with a big splash
sort of a drop here we came up with the
idea of having a shoot the shoot ride
which creates a giant splash as we start
to talk about the different components
of the ride we start to think about
where our focal point is going to be and
in this case we wanted to Lego pirate
ships to be the key point that people
would see in the attraction this is the
passenger vehicle that will fit 20
people and it's gonna go down a chute
and create a giant splash that hits over
this bridge families will be standing on
the bridge getting drenched the majority
of our guests are little kids so we
wanted to make sure that we created a
drop that was not scary it was a gentle
sloping drop that would you know give
kids their first experience of being on
a splashing ride that's a little tall
it's 25 feet tall but gentle enough that
it's not too overwhelming for them
a big part of my job is not only
building with the Lego bricks but
sketching out what we're gonna be seeing
in the ride and it helps us to create a
way to determine do we need to take a
new direction what colors are we going
to use what are the Lego models going to
be as we were thinking about the pirate
ship design we actually research what
European and Asian pirate ships used to
look like throughout history the other
part of that is where we go out to the
site and kind of figure out how
everything is going to layout good
landscaping a few models on that pathway
and where we want to angle the
attraction itself and what guests are
going to see from the park point of view
all right we come back and actually
start to define with architectural
drawings and renderings what the actual
layout will be one of the things that we
keep in mind is we're designing for
rides at Legoland California is what our
guests were going to be doing and in
this case we really want to make sure
that they have an interactive experience
that's fun and unique to our park as a
kid I used to draw Park maps of what my
future theme park would be and I had no
clue that I would end up becoming a
project designer and designing the new
attractions for this park we here at
Legoland California hope that you have
as much fun on pirate reef as we did
designing it see you there
our